In this lesson, we'll first discuss
the differences between quantitative and qualitative data,
and then learn about the benefits and drawbacks of each data type.
In the next part of this lesson,
we'll discuss how to integrate qualitative data into the iterative design process,
including learning the parts of the cycle of
iterative design that most benefit from qualitative research.
In the third part of this lesson,
we'll cover three of
the most common qualitative research methods used
by product managers today: focus groups,
user interviews, and usability testing.
In the fourth part of this lesson,
we'll discuss using the jobs-to-be-done theory to
understand customers true motivations for using our product.
Analyzing the job that customers hire our product to perform
provides great evidence for the types of new product features that will find success.
Finally, in the last part of this lesson,
we'll discuss how to use the RICE framework to
prioritize between different product improvement ideas.
Product managers often face stakeholders with
competing concerns and ideas about the most important next step for a product.
The RICE framework provides a quantifiable way to decide how to
choose the next feature to build as part of an iterative cycle of design.